<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html"
      xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
      xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui">
    <h:body>
        <ui:composition template="/WEB-INF/facelets/template.xhtml">
            <ui:param name="page" value="tos" />

            <ui:define name="title">
                RePol - Privacy and Terms of Use
            </ui:define>

            <ui:define name="navigation"/>

            <ui:define name="content">

                <h2>Terms of use</h2>
                <p>NI4OS Repository Policy Generator RePol is provided by University of Belgrade Computer Centre (RCUB) on behalf of the project National Initiatives for Open Science in Europe – NI4OS-Europe. Every time you use RePol, you accept the following conditions.</p>
                <h3>Who may use RePol?</h3>
                <p>RePol can be used by anyone, free of charge, both commercially and non-commercially. No registration is required. Users do not need any programming skills. RePol can be used unlimited number of times. You may use RePol to define a policy for your repository and download the generated policy document. You may also modify the downloaded document to your needs. Credit is appreciated but not required.</p>
                <h3>Copyright notice</h3>
                <p>The content of the website is copyrighted by University of Belgrade Computer Centre (RCUB), unless otherwise stated. This website and its content is, unless indicated otherwise, licensed under a creative commons CC-BY 4.0 International license, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original authors and source are credited, with the exception of logos and any other content marked with a separate copyright notice.</p>
                <p>The source code is available under EUPL 1.2 open source license on <a target="_blank" href="https://github.com/RestlessDevil/RePol">github.com/RestlessDevil/RePol</a>.</p>
                <h3>Privacy notice</h3>
                <p>RePol collects usage information about you when you visit the website through common web server logs. The information that is automatically collected and stored includes:</p>
                <ul>
                    <li>the Internet domain and your IP address;</li>
                    <li>the type of browser and operating system;</li>
                    <li>date and time;</li>
                    <li>pages visited.</li>
                </ul>
                <p>This is only used internally for technical troubleshooting, to improve the features of RePol, and to record aggregate statistics and will never be shared with third parties.</p>
                <p>The information you enter in RePol will not be stored and will be lost when closing the corresponding web browser session. If you wish, you may download your input data. By using this application, you agree to the manner and purposes of data processing.</p>
                <p>RePol uses the following cookies:</p>
                <ul>
                    <li>Application framework’s  JSESSIONID session-bound cookie used to track data entered into application forms</li>
                </ul>
                <p>Other  *.ni4os.eu sites may create Google Analitics cookies that may include this site, but they are not created by this application:</p>
                <ul>
                    <li>GA _ga .ni4os.eu cookie with expiration in 2 years, used to distinguish unique users</li>
                    <li>GA _gid ni4os.eu cookie with expiration 24 hours, used to distinguish unique users</li>
                </ul>
                <p>You can disable cookies in your browser settings. However, this might limit the functionality of this application.</p>
                <h3>Feedback and support</h3>
                <p>The email for feedback and support is <b>repol@rcub.bg.ac.rs</b></p>
                <p>In case you submit feedback, we will collect your name and email address in order to be able to respond to your query. For the same purpose, we collect the following information:</p>
                <p>Information submitted via the your email to the provided address will be used for no other purpose than to respond to your query.</p>
                <!--
                <h3>Ako koristimo Google Analytics</h3>
                <p>Some ni4os.eu pages use Google Analytics to track visits. Google Analytics uses cookies stored on users' computers. Google's privacy policy is available at: http://www.google.com/privacypolicy.html.</p>
                -->
                <h3>Disclaimer</h3>
                <p>University of Belgrade Computer Centre (RCUB) (a) is not liable for any improper or incorrect use of RePol, (b) assumes no responsibility for anyone’s use of or reliance on the results of such use, (c) is not liable for any damages arising in any way as a result of the improper use of RePol.</p>

                <div class="spaced-bottom"/>
            </ui:define>
        </ui:composition>
    </h:body>
</html>

