<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html"
      xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
      xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui">
    <h:body>
        <ui:composition template="/WEB-INF/facelets/template.xhtml">
            <ui:param name="page" value="tos" />

            <ui:define name="title">
                RePol - Terms of Use
            </ui:define>

            <ui:define name="navigation"/>

            <ui:define name="content">

                <h2>Terms of use</h2>
                <p>NI4OS Repository Policy Generator RePol is provided by University of Belgrade Computer Centre (RCUB) on behalf of the project National Initiatives for Open Science in Europe – NI4OS-Europe. Every time you use RePol, you accept the following conditions.</p>
                <h3>Who may use RePol?</h3>
                <p>RePol can be used by anyone, free of charge, both commercially and non-commercially. No registration is required. Users do not need any programming skills. RePol can be used unlimited number of times. You may use RePol to define a policy for your repository and download the generated policy document. You may also modify the downloaded document to your needs. Credit is appreciated but not required.</p>
                <h3>Copyright notice</h3>
                <p>The content of the website is copyrighted by University of Belgrade Computer Centre (RCUB), unless otherwise stated. This website and its content is, unless indicated otherwise, licensed under a creative commons CC-BY 4.0 International license, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original authors and source are credited, with the exception of logos and any other content marked with a separate copyright notice.</p>
                <p>The source code is available under EUPL 1.2 open source license on <a target="_blank" href="https://github.com/RestlessDevil/RePol">github.com/RestlessDevil/RePol</a>.</p>

                <div class="spaced-bottom"/>
            </ui:define>
        </ui:composition>
    </h:body>
</html>

