<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html"
      xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
      xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui">
<h:body>
    <ui:composition template="/WEB-INF/facelets/template.xhtml">
        <ui:param name="page" value="tos" />

        <ui:define name="title"></ui:define>

        <ui:define name="navigation"/>

        <ui:define name="content">
            <style>
                .title {
                    border-bottom:none;
                    padding-bottom:0px;
                    padding-top:0px;
                }
            </style>

            <h2>RePol Terms of Use, Disclaimer and Copyright Notice</h2>
            <h3>Terms of use</h3>
            <p>NI4OS Repository Policy Generator RePol is provided by the University of Belgrade Computer Centre (RCUB) on behalf of the project National Initiatives for Open Science in Europe – NI4OS-Europe.</p>
            <p>This RePol Terms of Use, Disclaimer and Copyright Notice agreement (this “agreement”) is a legal agreement between you and the University of Belgrade Computer Centre (RCUB) providing, among other things, the terms and conditions for your use of the website and service accessible at <p:link value="https://repol.ni4os.eu/" outcome="index"/> (RePol).</p>
            <p>Every time you use RePol, you accept the following terms and conditions without any reservations, modifications, additions, or deletions. If you do not agree to the Terms of Use and Disclaimer contained in this agreement, you are not authorised to use RePol. You may be denied access to RePol, with or without prior notice to you if you do not comply with any provision of this agreement.</p>
            <p>We may from time to time modify these Terms of Use, in which case a copy of the amended agreement will be posted at <p:link value="https://repol.ni4os.eu/faces/tou-d-cn.xhtml" outcome="tou-d-cn"/>. If you do not agree or cannot comply with the agreement as amended, you should not use RePol. You will be deemed to have accepted the agreement as amended if you continue to use RePol after any amendments are posted on RePol. We reserve the right to refuse to provide our products and services to anyone at any time.</p>

            <h3>Who may use RePol?</h3>
            <p>RePol can be used by anyone, free of charge, both commercially and non-commercially. No registration is required. No specific technical skills are required.</p>

            <h3>Licence to use RePol</h3>
            <p>The RCUB grants to you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable licence to access and use RePol in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in this agreement. The RCUB reserves all rights, title and interest not expressly granted under this licence to the fullest extent possible under applicable laws. Any use of RePol not specifically permitted under this agreement is strictly prohibited.</p>
            <p>RePol can be used an unlimited number of times. You may use RePol to define or update a policy for your repository or other suitable service and download the generated policy document. You may also modify the downloaded document to your needs. Credit is appreciated but not required.</p>
            <p>You agree that you will not use RePol: (a) to reproduce, transmit, display or distribute copyrighted material in any medium or via any method; (b) to copy, store, edit, change, prepare any derivative work of or alter in any way any of the content provided by RePol in violation of the Copyright Notice; (c) to engage in spamming, flooding, harvesting of e-mail addresses or other personal information, spidering, screen scraping, database scraping, or any other activity to any information; (d) to send chain letters or pyramid schemes via RePol; (e) in any manner that could damage, disable, overburden, or impair RePol or interfere with any other party’s use of the RePol; (f) to gain unauthorized access to other computer systems through RePol; or (g) in any way that violates the terms of this agreement.</p>
            <p>The RePol website is owned by the RCUB and is protected by Serbian copyright laws and international treaty provisions. However, you are free to set up a website based on publicly available RePol source code under another name and in accordance with the Copyright Notice. You will not sublicense, assign, or transfer the licence granted to you under this agreement. Any attempt to sublicense, assign, or transfer any of the rights, duties, or obligations in violation of the provisions of this agreement is void.</p>

            <h2>Disclaimer</h2>
            <p>The RCUB: (a) is not liable for any improper or incorrect use of RePol; (b) assumes no responsibility for anyone’s use of or reliance on the results of such use; (c) is not liable for any damages arising in any way as a result of the proper or improper use of RePol; (d) makes no representations, warranties or guarantees that use or results of the use of RePol (including all of its content) is or will be accurate, reliable, current, uninterrupted or without errors.</p>
            <p>Without prior notice, the RCUB may modify, suspend, or discontinue any aspect or feature of RePol or your use of RePol. If RePol elects to modify, suspend, or discontinue RePol, it will not be liable to you or any third party.</p>
            <p>You acknowledge that your submission of any information to RePol is at your own risk. The RCUB does not assume any liability to you with regard to any loss or liability relating to such information in any way.</p>

            <h2>Copyright notice</h2>
            <p>The content of the website is copyrighted by the University of Belgrade Computer Centre (RCUB) and licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International licence (CC BY), unless indicated otherwise. CC BY permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original authors and source are credited, except for logos and any other content marked with a separate copyright notice.</p>
            <p>Documents generated using RePol (RePol outputs) are not subject to licence. You are free to use the documents that you generated without any restrictions and therefore you may copyright them in your own name, if desired.</p>
            <p>The source code of RePol software is licensed under the <a target="_blank" href="https://joinup.ec.europa.eu/collection/eupl/eupl-text-eupl-12">EUPL-1.2-or-later</a> open-source licence and is available on <a target="_blank" href="https://github.com/RCUB-Official/RePol">GitHub</a>.</p>

            <div class="spaced-bottom"/>
        </ui:define>
    </ui:composition>
</h:body>
</html>

